add clarity to Gatsby Environment Variables docs (#20087)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/environment-variables.md

}
```

> In Node, `API_KEY` will be available to your site (Server-side) as `process.env.API_KEY`. You can use `dotenv` to commit your `.env.*` file containing `API_KEY` in order to make it available client-side, but we recommend against checking these files into source control. By prefixing your variable with `GATSBY_` (as shown above), Gatsby automatically embeds it as process.env.GATSBY_* in compiled JS making it available in the browser context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Node, your site has access to `API_KEY` within the context of Gatsby build (Server-side) using the identifier `process.env.API_KEY`. In order to access this information client-side you can create a `.env.*` file containing `API_KEY`, however, we recommend against checking these files into source control as it is a security risk to expose your key. The safer alternative is to prefix your variable with `GATSBY_` (as shown above) in your Gatsby build configuration. This will prompt Gatsby to automatically embed the variable as process.env.GATSBY_* in compiled JS making it available in the browser context without exposing it elsewhere.
```

> In Node, `API_KEY` will be available to your site (Server-side) as `process.env.API_KEY`. You can use `dotenv` to commit your `.env.*` file containing `API_KEY` in order to make it available client-side, but we recommend against checking these files into source control. By prefixing your variable with `GATSBY_` (as shown above), Gatsby automatically embeds it as process.env.GATSBY_* in compiled JS making it available in the browser context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Node, your site has access to `API_KEY` (Server-side) using the identifier `process.env.API_KEY`. To access it client-side you can use a `.env.*` file containing `API_KEY`. However, we **strongly** advise against checking these files into source control as its a security issue to expose the API key. As a more secure alternative, you can prefix your variable with `GATSBY_` (as shown above). With this prefix, Gatsby automatically embeds the variable as process.env.GATSBY_* in compiled JS making it available in the browser context without exposing it elsewhere.
```

Author: Hi @laurieontech , thank you for the suggestions! I incorporated them into the latest commit. Please let me know if there are any other changes you'd recommend!

> In Node, your site has access to `API_KEY` (Server-side) using the identifier `process.env.API_KEY`. To access it client-side, you can use a `.env.*` file containing `API_KEY`. However, we **strongly** advise against checking these files into source control as it's a security issue to expose the API key. As a more secure alternative, you can prefix your variable with `GATSBY_` (as shown above). With this prefix, Gatsby automatically embeds the variable as process.env.GATSBY_* in compiled JS making it available in the browser context without exposing it elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Node, your site has access to your `API_KEY` (Server-side) using the identifier `process.env.API_KEY`. To access it client-side, you can use a `.env.*` file containing `API_KEY`. However, we **strongly** advise against checking these files into source control as it's a security issue to expose the API key. As a more secure alternative, you can prefix your variable with `GATSBY_` (as shown above). With this prefix, Gatsby automatically embeds the variable as process.env.GATSBY_* in compiled JS making it available in the browser context without exposing it elsewhere.
```
